# Documentation for script_maker_openblas.py

This python script generates a shell script (`run_openblas_exps.sh`) in the benchmark folder of OpenBLAS which on execution runs the OpenBLAS workloads with fixedpositmul pintool for all specified fixed-posit configurations.

## Parameters
- `axbench_root` : Set the variable as the absolute path to the directory AxBench benchmark as per your system.
- `pin_root` : Set the variable as the absolute path to the root directory of Intel Pin as per your system.
- `pintool_path` : Set the variable as the absolute path to the obj-intel64 or obj-ia32 directory generated by building the fixedpositmul pintool.
- `toLog` : Decides whether the fixedpositmul pintool will log multiplication operands or not. 1 means it will log the operands and 0 means it will not.
- `log_folder`: Set the variable as the absolute path to the directory in which you want to store the logs generated by fixedpositmul pintool.
- `low_bitwidth` : The lowest bitwidth fixed-posit configuration you want to compute error for
- `high_bitwidth` : The highest bitwidth fixed-posit configuration you want to compute error for
- `bitwidth_step` : The difference of two successive bitwidths in the list of your fixed-posit configurations
- `low_regime_bits`: The lowest regime size among the fixed-posit configurations you want to compute error for
- `high_regime_bits`: The highest regime size among the fixed-posit configurations you want to compute error for
- `regime_step`: The difference of two successive regime sizes in the list of your fixed-posit configurations
- `low_exponent_bits`: The lowest exponent size among the fixed-posit configurations you want to compute error for
- `high_exponent_bits`: The highest exponent size among the fixed-posit configurations you want to compute error for
- `exponent_step`: The difference of two successive exponent sizes in the list of your fixed-posit configurations
- `apps` : A list of benchmarks for which to compute the error. You can edit this list if you want to compute errors for more/less benchmarks.
- 
We recommend not changing any other parameters in the script.

## Naming Conventions

### Log files
Depending on the application it can be either

log\_< benchmark >\_< bitwidth >\_< regime\_size >\_< exponent\_size >\_itest.txt

or 

log\_< benchmark >\_< bitwidth >\_< regime\_size >\_< exponent\_size >\_i< img number >.txt
