# Documentation for script_maker_openblas.py

This python script generates a shell script (`run_openblas_exps.sh`) in the benchmark folder of OpenBLAS which on execution runs the OpenBLAS workloads with fixedpositmul pintool for all specified fixed-posit configurations.

## Parameters
- `openblas_benchmark_path` : Set the variable as the absolute path to the directory OpenBLAS/benchmark as per your system.
- `pin_root` : Set the variable as the absolute path to the root directory of Intel Pin as per your system.
- `pintool_path` : Set the variable as the absolute path to the obj-intel64 or obj-ia32 directory generated by building the fixedpositmul pintool.
- `output_path` : Set the variable as the absolute path to the directory in which you want to store the results of the OpenBLAS benchmarks.
- `toLog` : Decides whether the fixedpositmul pintool will log multiplication operands or not. 1 means it will log the operands and 0 means it will not.
- `log_folder`: Set the variable as the absolute path to the directory in which you want to store the logs generated by fixedpositmul pintool.
- `low_bitwidth` : The lowest bitwidth fixed-posit configuration you want to compute error for
- `high_bitwidth` : The highest bitwidth fixed-posit configuration you want to compute error for
- `bitwidth_step` : The difference of two successive bitwidths in the list of your fixed-posit configurations
- `low_regime_bits`: The lowest regime size among the fixed-posit configurations you want to compute error for
- `high_regime_bits`: The highest regime size among the fixed-posit configurations you want to compute error for
- `regime_step`: The difference of two successive regime sizes in the list of your fixed-posit configurations
- `low_exponent_bits`: The lowest exponent size among the fixed-posit configurations you want to compute error for
- `high_exponent_bits`: The highest exponent size among the fixed-posit configurations you want to compute error for
- `exponent_step`: The difference of two successive exponent sizes in the list of your fixed-posit configurations
- `apps` : A list of benchmarks for which to compute the error. You can edit this list if you want to compute errors for more/less benchmarks.
- `low_input_size`: The lowest input size among the inputs for OpenBLAS workload. This will be the value of `from` command line argument provided by OpenBLAS.  
- `high_input_size`: The highest input size among the inputs for OpenBLAS workload. This will be the value of `to` command line argument provided by OpenBLAS. 
- `step_input_size`: The difference between 2 consecutive input sizes. This will the value of `step` command line argument provided by OpenBLAS.

We recommend not changing any other parameters in the script.

